README.md, before:

# Base-KMM-App
A foundation for building KMM Apps with Jetpack compose and Swift UI.  This is similar to using
Android Studio to create a KMM project, but uses Jetpack compose for the Android UI portion of the
project setup. 

## Android Studio
Make sure you have the latest Canary build. 
- KMM is in alpha, but only available through preview.
- Jetpack Compose is only supported on Canary builds.

Get from: https://developer.android.com/studio/preview

## Temporary Workarounds
There are couple of temporary workarounds in the project. Hopefully these can be removed once the fixes are in place.

#### KMM shared module compile error: Configuration with name 'testApi' not found.
- Work around for https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-43944
- Jetbrains fix has not GA'ed yet.

#### Jcenter obsolecence
- Support stops 2/2022. 
- jcenter() is still used. Can't be removed until the Kotlinx dependencies move to mavenCentral.

## Apple Silicon
If you jumped in head first and got a new M1 laptop, read on.

### IOS Simulator Builds
Arm64 is excluded from all simulator builds. This does not affect production builds. The short
explanation is Xcode doesn't support this yet, even if you are running on apple silicon. 

For details, see https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63607158/xcode-12-building-for-ios-simulator-but-linking-in-object-file-built-for-ios

### Android Virtual Devices
- Don't worry about the Intel hardware acceleration errors when setting up Android AVD manager. You are not running on intel. 
- You do need to create arm64 versions of any android devices you want to develop on. AVD manager makes this super easy.

Commit message:

Add libraries for networking, data and storage.

README.md, after:

# Base-KMM-App
A foundation for building KMM Apps with Jetpack compose and Swift UI.  This is similar to using
Android Studio to create a KMM project, but uses Jetpack compose for the Android UI portion of the
project setup. 

## Core Multiplatform Libraries
The following libraries are configured by default. Make sure to remove these libraries if not needed.
- Ktor for networking: https://ktor.io/ 
- SQLDelight for database: https://github.com/cashapp/sqldelight
- Kotlin Serialization for JSON parsing: https://github.com/Kotlin/kotlinx.serialization

## Android Studio
Make sure you have the latest Canary build. 
- KMM is in alpha, but only available through preview.
- Jetpack Compose is only supported on Canary builds.

Get from: https://developer.android.com/studio/preview

## Temporary Workarounds
There are couple of temporary workarounds in the project. Hopefully these can be removed once the fixes are in place.

#### KMM shared module compile error: Configuration with name 'testApi' not found.
- Work around for https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-43944
- Jetbrains fix has not GA'ed yet.

#### Jcenter obsolecence
- Support stops 2/2022. 
- jcenter() is still used. Can't be removed until the Kotlinx dependencies move to mavenCentral.

## Apple Silicon
If you jumped in head first and got a new M1 laptop, read on.

### IOS Simulator Builds
Arm64 is excluded from all simulator builds. This does not affect production builds. The short
explanation is Xcode doesn't support this yet, even if you are running on apple silicon. 

For details, see https://stackoverflow.com/questions/63607158/xcode-12-building-for-ios-simulator-but-linking-in-object-file-built-for-ios

### Android Virtual Devices
- Don't worry about the Intel hardware acceleration errors when setting up Android AVD manager. You are not running on intel. 
- You do need to create arm64 versions of any android devices you want to develop on. AVD manager makes this super easy.
